---
title: blog 3
layout: post
author: kyle.du-plessis
permalink: /blog-3/
source-id: 1d2EgUoPRxnx5nc2O4w1ZEeHk8sD7HAAYCOr5v_oCJXk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Making an exceptionally fun maze game on scratch.   </td>
    <td></td>
    <td>28/11/2016</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I started from scratch but I used information given to us by Mr. Keen to code it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To begin having a code bank for a maze game in scratch.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I both reached and didn't reach my target in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I tried different techniques, changing from one to the other at a quick pace if the one didn't work. Usually I would use techniques familiar to me as I have done scratch a lot in the past but sometimes my techniques didn’t work quite so well as I thought it would and I quickly searched for any other possible solutions to my problem. I also, after doing most of the necessary work and being well underdue, added more exhilarating things to the maze like aliens and bonuses. That, I believe, made the game much more challenging and fun.
 </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I had a very little amount of habits that limited my learning. I learned from my past habits that affected my work and I succeeded much more easily.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> I will pretty much do what I did this lesson. Think about past mistakes and attempt to fix them as much as possible and using past knowledge as I have referred to before.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


