---
title: Blog 8
layout: post
author: kyle.du-plessis
permalink: /blog-8/
source-id: 1Q6Ltck3BKjB1Hh29JTjlRmC6lwJtwf85cltH6RaPsm0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Learning about the concept of media (mainly social) </td>
    <td></td>
    <td>27/03/2017</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We had started by watching an advert and naming the different problems with it and the way the problems aren't usually noticed. We also stated some of the messages that the advert was implying, as we did in the first week of media.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>My target was to learn as much as possible about the concept of media and the messages certain adverts may be implying to do good in the oncoming homework.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>I did reach my target as I successfully filled in the homework and I am happy with what I have written. I think I understand the concept of media and the messages implied well.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I focused on the advert shown to us and tried to figure out what was being implied as much as possible. I also tried to learn as much as possible about media and the messages being implied to help me with future homework.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In part of the lesson, I did not focus on the key points of the exercises, not looking at what the exercises were meant for. I think I did this a lot when answering media questions and I need to work on figuring out what the exercise is for and how it could help me.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to focus on what the exercises in class are for and how it could help me in the future.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


