---
title: Blog 7
layout: post
author: kyle.du-plessis
permalink: /blog-7/
source-id: 1bU84ZmDU4iKioFSRxLAXD6CqssInMZuEedCD4PVZ8Hw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Continuing our planning sheet for our new scratch game (the last section before we begin making the game)</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>19/01/2017</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I started by learning some more on how to make a scrolling game (where you can make the background look like it's moving to expand the gaming area) on scratch and with the planning sheet only partially completed.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>My target was to ultimately learn everything I needed to know on making a scrolling game and hopefully complete some of the planning sheet to minimize the amount of homework I needed to do.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>I partially reached my target (I was successful in learning what I needed to do for the scrolling game though I didn’t complete as much of the planning sheet as I wanted.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I first focused on getting all the most important parts done which was, in this case, learning more on how to make a scrolling game. I was successful in that with the help from Mr. Keen as he explained all the facts we needed. After that I got on to getting some of my planning sheet done. I did complete a few sections though a lot was left when the lesson was finished and I was quite disappointed that I couldn't get as much done, though I think that my performance was a significant improvement from last lesson and I worked much better when I concentrated harder.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I don’t think much limited my learning except that I didn’t concentrate as much as I could have, though it was an improvement from last time. A few times I would turn to chat to people sitting next to me.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will again try to concentrate a bit more and hopefully get a lot more work done, as the next lesson will involve a lot of working out and I need all the concentration possible.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


