---
title: Blog 6
layout: post
author: kyle.du-plessis
permalink: /blog-6/
source-id: 174YFPXABzX1GYjhBXaynPEJ-VI48k_BWM7q1b-pjHnM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Planning how we were going to set up our game using a planning sheet</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>12/12/2016</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We started by either looking at the information we collected over the holidays to use similar ideas in our game or by thinking of an entirely original idea for our game.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Our target was to get an idea of our game and put all of our ideas on the planning sheet to come up with an overall idea of who we were going to map out the game and play it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>I did reach my target as I came up with an idea which grew to become the plan for my new game, though I didn't get anything typed out as I took time to think of a very original gameplay plan.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I tried to wrap my mind around what we were doing. First I tried to think of an idea for my game though I tried not to use any ideas from games that already exist like pacman or donkey kong. I eventually came up with my idea after expanding my horizons and using maybe more challenging techniques to enhance my ideas. This worked significantly well for me, as I came up with a game that consisted of a factor that I never would have come up with without opening myself up to new, though possibly harder, perspectives.
 </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I may have been distracted a bit which slowed down the process of planning the game and so I probably could have gotten more work done if there were no distractions.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will hopefully be able to zone out and think even with all the distractions around. To do this, I will try to remember that I have a limited time to work and that the more work I get done, the better. I will also try to limit the distractions by speaking to others as little as possible.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


